Good cause, good cause, good result, and that is the law of the nature.
And then the negative is the opposite of the positives. And that is, again, as we all know, it is
opposite of love, is violence, and the opposite of compassion is anger and jealous.
And then the benefit to the others, the benefit to the outside, opposite, is hurting others and
hurting ourselves.
And then this nature of this negative is suffering, and it is sadness, it is uncomfortable, and
opposite of peace and harmonious.
And then it senses negative is not just only the state, but it also grows. As anger we reflect it,
it will bring double anger.
Angle, or double anger, it grows, not just the state, that amount, it will expand, and that is the
one how the nature is expanded.
Cause is small, but result is big.
When you say small, you say it is going to grow. When you say small, you say it is going to grow.
When you say small, you say it is going to grow.
And then of course, again opposite of loving kindness.
Love is also unpleasant, unpleasant and unpleasant.
All opposite love is ugly and bad.
But love is like calm and soothing, loving kindness.
Clearly, you don't want soothing and lonely.
It is beautiful.
Opposite of love is then completely like unpleasant, unpleasant, ugly, disgust, violence, uncomfort
able,
and then kind of very traumatic, our heart and mind.
And that is the opposite of love.